okay but let's see if I can hit the cool
air I did it yeah I'm on my car engine
all right um ok youtube viewers of me
agent roster and we're going to show you
how to do a pelvic thrusting while
walking around so you have a hacker
stand inside a tree like so and then you
just continues to press the a or b
button and walk around circles until um
well will destroy a few seconds and then
start doing this um let me try again
anyone getting cited URL so soft I can't
tell my skin I'm just walking around
yeah hold on walk off you gotta keep
I've seen a repeatedly yeah you gotta
keep resonate like all the time liao
Trevor doing each other